

--- File: About NITFest 2025 ---

About NITFest

Nepal International Theatre Festival (NITFest) is a celebration of art, culture, and traditions in the form of theatre performances. The festival was conceived and initiated in 2019 by Mandala Theatre-Nepal with Nepal's ten theatre organizations joint effort. 

With the theme 'Theatre for Social Transformation: An Artistic Voyage', the first edition of festival had successfully organized at 5 different venues in Kathmandu and in 3 other cities of Nepal. From 25th February to 4th March, NITFest 2019 hosted 27 plays from 8 different countries including Nepal, India, Afghanistan, Denmark, Norway, Italy, US and Macedonia. Besides, artists from Argentina, Germany, France, Italy and Scotland conducted theatre workshops during the festival. 3 open air fringe performances by directors from Pakistan and Germany were performed. Artists and activists from Cambodia, China, India and Nepal visited the festival as observers. Selected plays and programs were hosted by Mandala Theatre, Shilpee Theatre, Kausi Theatre, Theatre Mall and Naga Theatre in Kathmandu as well as in Pokhara, Janakpur and Biratnagar. The festival was inaugurated by KP Sharma Oli, the then Prime Minister of Nepal.

The second iteration of the Nepal International Theatre Festival (NITFest) was held in Mandala Theatre's newly established art avenue at Thapagaun, Kathmandu from 25th November 2nd December 2022. NITFest 2022 organized solely by Mandala Theatre-Nepal incorporated the aesthetics of jatra, poetry, and the landmarks of Nepali Rangamanch together with vibrant productions from the international sphere during the nine-day long festival. With the encompassing theme of ‘Theatre for Social Transformation: Celebrating Diversity,’ the festival showcased 18 plays from 12 different countries. NITFest 2022 boasted the participation of more than 200 theatre artists from Nepal, India, Bhutan, Argentina, the United Kingdom, Italy, Russia, Spain, Sri Lanka, the United States, and Uruguay. The festival was inaugurated by Jeevan Ram Shrestha, the then minister of culture, tourism and civil aviation, together with veteran Indian actress Shabana Azmi.

Mandala Theatre-Nepal is hosting the third edition of Nepal International Theatre Festival from 19th to 25th March 2025. Building on the tremendous success and widespread acclaim of the first two editions, Mandala is resolute in its commitment to organizing NITFest 2025. With the slogan "Theatre for Social Transformation: Light of Indigenous Wisdom", NITFest 2025 is determined to celebrate cultural heritage, foster dialogue, and inspire change by bridging traditional knowledge with contemporary practices. The festival will highlight the stories, practices, and cultural knowledge of indigenous communities, ensuring they take center stage in theatrical narratives. Moreover, the festival will support global theatre groups and artists coming together on a shared platform to explore their aesthetic expressions and solidarities for presenting powerful ideas and wisdom that has been in their communities for centuries. 

A total of 13 play productions will be showcased during the festival. Artists from Nepal, India, China, Japan, Iran, Norway, Spain, Lithuania and Tunisia are participating in the festival with their performances. Artists from Germany, China, UK, Scotland and Nepal are conducting workshops in different forms and practices of theatre. Selected theatre productions and programs reflect vibrant indigenous knowledge of local communities from different regions of the world, as well as they discuss cross cutting issues such as gender, disability etc. through their programs. 

Furthermore, the festival will feature other allied events such as panel discussions, seminars, open air performances, theatre photo exhibitions, encouragement award ceremonies, cultural and artistic stalls etc. One of key highlight of 3rd Nepal International Theatre Festival is that the plays and programs are being extended to three different cities. Theatre artists and groups from Chitwan, Pokhara and Belbari are organizing independent theatre festivals where 8 plays from NITFest 2025 will be showcased.



 



