

--- File: SaaS ecommerce platform ---

--- Page 1 ---
SaaS ecommerce platform 
1. Overview 
The proposed system is a SaaS model ecommerce platform where multiple organizations can 
each implement a supply chain management and an ecommerce website. The solution will 
provide two major systems to each client: a management portal to monitor and manage the 
supply chain for an organization that allows tracking of goods starting from the vendor, 
throughout the supply chain until it reaches a customer; and an ecommerce website that 
customers can use to browse through the organization’s catalogue and purchase/order goods. 
This document lists out the requirements gathered from the conversations between the primary 
client (Mr. Ramesh Bhandari, Mr. Suresh Bhandari) and the developer team (Goodwish 
Engineering). Furthermore, the document also contains preliminary system design developed 
as a result of said conversations. 
 
 

--- Page 2 ---
2. Requirements 
The following section lists the requirements for the ecommerce platform. This section 
contains multiple sub-sections, each listing requirements within a specific area of the platform. 
1.1. Supply Chain 
i. 
Allow for creation and management of vendor/manufacturers, regional distributors, 
dealers and retailers. 
ii. 
Basic information of each entity: name, address, contact info, logo. 
iii. 
Allow for hierarchy involving these actors. 
iv. 
Allow for tracking of movement of products among these entities. 
v. 
An entity higher in the hierarchy can register an entity of a lower hierarchy 
(Regional distributor can register dealers and retailers) alongside an administrator 
user account for the newly created entity. 
vi. 
An entity can register a finite amount of user account for itself. 
vii. 
Allow for bidirectional flow of products within the hierarchy. 
viii. 
An entity lower in the hierarchy can send a Product Order to an entity higher in the 
hierarchy. 
ix. 
An entity higher in the hierarchy can check inventory of entities below it. 
x. 
A higher entity can demand for a product’s stock from its child entities. 
xi. 
Delegate pickup stations for customers to pick up their orders. 
xii. 
Entities can define a stock level for each product. After the stock for said product 
falls below this level, the users of the entity are notified of low stock level. 
xiii. 
Record generation for each entity and their children (specifics to be decided). 
xiv. 
Analytics (specifics to be decided). 
xv. 
Differentiate sellable stock (entity itself can sell the product) and pickup stock 
(reserved for pickup by customers with online orders) for pickup stations. 
1.2. Product 
i. 
Register a product. 
ii. 
Register product specific category (ex. colour, size, material for a shoe). 
iii. 
Register options for each product specific category (ex. different sizes of shoes). 
iv. 
Define unit for each product (ex. pieces for clothes, l/ml for liquid products). 
1.3. Inventory 
i. 
Track a product’s stock level. 
ii. 
Decide whether a product should be displayed in the website as a sellable product, 
alongside sellable amount. 
iii. 
Change stock level of products according to incoming and outgoing. 
iv. 
Maintain a record of incoming and outgoing products. 
v. 
Record generation. 
vi. 
SKU generation. 
vii. 
Keep track of damaged products. 

--- Page 3 ---
viii. 
Keep track of products already committed to a customer’s online order (if said entity 
is a pickup station). 
1.4. Ecommerce (Online shop) 
i. 
Customers can register an account with an organization. 
ii. 
Search/Filter feature. 
iii. 
Shopping cart feature. 
iv. 
Option to select either delivery or pickup after purchase. 
v. 
Payment portal integration (specifics to be decided). 
vi. 
Generate proof of purchase for pickup. 
vii. 
List available pickup stations alongside available stock if the customer selects the 
pickup option. 
viii. 
Keep history of transactions. 
ix. 
Customer-vendor communication (specifics to be decided). 
x. 
Recommendation system (Similar products). 
 
 

--- Page 4 ---
2. System Design 
2.1. ER Diagram 
 
Figure 1 ER Diagram for the system 
 
 

--- Page 5 ---
2.2. Database Schema 
 
Figure 2 Database Schema for the proposed system 
Notes: 
i. The system allows for dynamic product classification through the ProductSpecification 
table. This table stored product specific properties (ex. size, color, material for clothes) 
and each product can define their own set of properties. The SpecificationOption table 
stores the values for each property (ex. 34, 36, 38 for clothes size). 
ii. The user table stores authentication details for each user while their roles are separated 
through foreign keys to a separate Roles table as well as a reverse key to either 
Customer or Employee table. Each role has a specific set of permissions assigned to it 
that restricts what the actions the user can perform within the system. A user can be 
assigned multiple roles. 

--- Page 6 ---
iii. Product inventory is tracked through the Inventory and the Batch tables. The Inventory 
table keeps track of all instances of a product while the Batch table keeps track of a 
specific subset of products (usually distinguished by when they arrive to the inventory). 
iv. All entities involved are considered instances of a single SupplyChainEntity class. 
However, they are classified as vendors, retailers, distributors through a field within the 
table. The homogenization of these entities allows for modelling the supply chain as a 
tree structure which makes it easier for any entity to keep track of entities below it 
(children and descendants). 
